DOCS-7406-dw-input-v4.3-cv (#1772)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/migration-dataweave.adoc

Most of the header directives have been changed in DataWeave. The `%dw` directive is an exception. In most cases, MuleSoft removed the `%`, and in some cases the keyword is shortened.

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a,a"]
|===
|DataWeave 1.0 |DataWeave 2.0 | Comments
|`%dw 1.0`    |`%dw 2.0`|

> |`%input`     |`input`  | In a Mule app flow, DataWeave 2.0 recognizes the input type based on the `output` directive specified in the preceding component. The input type is not defined using the `input` directive in the header anymore.

Reviewer: Perhaps TMI, but you can also identify (not set or change) an input MIME type via a DW `contentType` param to read and readUrl methods. https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.3/dw-core-functions-read

> |`%input`     |`input`  | In a Mule app flow, DataWeave 2.0 recognizes the input type based on the `output` directive specified in the preceding component. The input type is not defined using the `input` directive in the header anymore.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`%input`     |`input`  | In a Mule app flow, DataWeave 2.0 recognizes the input MIME type and its reader properties based on the MIME type (`outputMimeType`) and parameters specified in the preceding component. The input MIME type is not defined using the `input` directive in the header anymore.
```
Just to add some info about reader properties.
